welcome to Black Belt site.com I'm
master Scott the turning back sidekick
you can create a lot of power with a
turning back sidekick remember when this
kitchens a driving kick so it goes
straight into your opponent I don't
recommend that you throw the turning
back sidekick as a first kick when
you're sparring unless you throw it as a
counter text so let's get started from
here what I'm going to do is I'm going
to start from from a side view so we're
going to start here in our fighting
position and what you're going to do is
you're going to twist and pivot on your
feet here on the balls of your feet and
you're going to turn kick and land in
front once again from here you're going
to turn pivot kick and land in front
notice from here I'm going to break it
down one more time you're gonna pivot
here knees slightly bent when you first
learn this kick
most people lock their knees out and
they fall off balance try to throw the
kick quickly and it doesn't come out
very well so make sure you're balanced
here you're looking over the shoulder
here so one more time from here turn
kick land in front from here kick and
land in front driving straight ahead one
more time from the front view from here
we're going to turn notice I looked over
with one eye forward here and then top
kick land in front one more time and
land in front once again the turning
back side kick
you